Replace legacy --gpus examples with CDI device requests across docs and Dockerfiles (#25040)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/guides/docker-quickstart.md

The `-it` flag assigns a pseudo-TTY and keeps stdin open, allowing you to interact with the container. The `--ipc=host` flag enables sharing of host's IPC namespace, essential for sharing memory between processes. The `--gpus` flag allows the container to access the host's GPUs.

!!! tip "Long-running containers"

>     Containers started with `--gpus` can lose GPU access (`Failed to initialize NVML: Unknown Error`) when the host reloads systemd, which happens during routine package updates ([nvidia-container-toolkit#48](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit/issues/48)). For containers that stay up for days, such as training workers or CI runners, request GPUs through [CDI](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/cdi-support.html) instead, which registers the devices with systemd so access survives reloads (requires `nvidia-container-toolkit` >= 1.18):

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: The explanation says CDI “registers the devices with systemd,” but CDI does not register GPU devices with systemd; NVIDIA’s toolkit generates CDI specs via a systemd service, and Docker includes those CDI device nodes in the container spec. As written, this may mislead users troubleshooting why the workaround survives `systemctl daemon-reload`.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
    Containers started with `--gpus` can lose GPU access (`Failed to initialize NVML: Unknown Error`) when the host reloads systemd, which happens during routine package updates ([nvidia-container-toolkit#48](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit/issues/48)). For containers that stay up for days, such as training workers or CI runners, request GPUs through [CDI](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/cdi-support.html) instead, which includes the GPU device nodes in the container spec so access survives reloads (requires `nvidia-container-toolkit` >= 1.18):
```

Author: Reworded — the explanation now states the actual mechanism: CDI includes the device nodes in the container configuration itself (the toolkit's nvidia-cdi-refresh systemd service only maintains the spec), so GPU access survives daemon-reloads. See the current revision of this section and the matching Dockerfile-runner comment.
